1843 new ajax request resets whole view if historypanel is enabled (#1872)
jazzband/django-debug-toolbar: docs/changes.rst

  <https://astral.sh/blog/the-ruff-formatter>`__.
* Changed the default position of the toolbar from top to the upper top
  position.

> * Add a setting for refresh or not the toolbar if an ajax request occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the setting, ``UPDATE_ON_FETCH`` to control whether the 
  toolbar automatically updates to the latest AJAX request or not.
  It defaults to ``False``.
```
Change the tense, added the setting name for folks and mentioned the default value.
